feat: atlantis import (#2783)
runatlantis/atlantis: runatlantis.io/docs/using-atlantis.md

### Additional Terraform flags

> If you need to run `terraform plan` with additional arguments, like `-target=resource` or `-var 'foo=bar'` or `-var-file myfile.tfvars`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If `terraform plan` requires additional arguments, like `-target=resource` or `-var 'foo=bar'` or `-var-file myfile.tfvars`
```

They're ignored because they can't be specified for an already generated planfile.
If you would like to specify these flags, do it while running `atlantis plan`.

---
## atlantis import

```bash
atlantis import [options] -- [terraform import flags] addr id
```
### Explanation
Runs `terraform import` for the plan that matches the directory/project/workspace.

### Examples
```bash
# Runs import for single plan to import a resource.

> atlantis import -- addr id

Author: As of PR description, this implementation doesn't handle `atlantis import addr id`. This is because command_parser is not easy to handle these params

Author: I change the parser impl. In this impl, I append args into `extraArgs`. please check again. @Fabianoshz @runatlantis/maintainers

https://github.com/runatlantis/atlantis/pull/2783/commits/39158d4810a7e9bba722f2d87eb78f9bcefea4d6

Author: cc @nitrocode @jamengual

Reviewer: Yes. This is much more intuitive to the user. Glad you got this to work without using the `--`

They're ignored because they can't be specified for an already generated planfile.
If you would like to specify these flags, do it while running `atlantis plan`.

---

> ## atlantis import

Reviewer: Could you also update the tfvars section on the custom workflows page to show how to set it up for the import step? I've run into issues before where i need to pass in a custom tfvars file in order to get the import command to run correctly

https://www.runatlantis.io/docs/custom-workflows.html#tfvars-files

Reviewer: A test with tfvars may be useful too. Ignore me if that is overkill.

Author: same with https://github.com/runatlantis/atlantis/pull/2783#discussion_r1054818623

```bash

> atlantis import [options] ADDRESS ID -- [terraform import flags]

Author: ADDRESS ID is a common name in terraform.

<img width="416" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/915731/208832235-5e7f4d41-6fd3-4fa7-bdd4-907c69b42b8f.png">

https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import

Reviewer: Nice work in keeping this consistent!

```
### Explanation
Runs `terraform import` that matches the directory/project/workspace.

> This command discards terraform plan result. Before apply, required `atlantis plan` again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command discards the terraform plan result. After an import and before an apply, another `atlantis plan` must be run again.
```

Reviewer: Because of the discarding of the plan after an import, should there be another flag to auto plan a project/dir/workspace after a successful import?

Also if an import command fails can we retain the plan instead of discarding it?

Author: > Because of the discarding of the plan after an import, should there be another flag to auto plan a project/dir/workspace after a successful import?

Currently, there is not such flag.
I thought that if users want to import one resource, autoplan is useful. But if try to import multiple imports, autoplan make the operation slow.
`terraform import` do not plan again, so I implements no-autoplan by default. We can provide such flag in the future as optional.

> Also if an import command fails can we retain the plan instead of discarding it?

import_step_runner discard planfile if import has no err 👌 

```go
	out, err := p.TerraformExecutor.RunCommandWithVersion(ctx, filepath.Clean(path), importCmd, envs, tfVersion, ctx.Workspace)

	// If the import was successful and a plan file exists, delete the plan.
	planPath := filepath.Join(path, GetPlanFilename(ctx.Workspace, ctx.ProjectName))
	if err == nil {
```

Reviewer: Perhaps we can have an optional subcommand like we do for `atlantis apply` e.g. `--auto-merge-disabled`

For this case, perhaps a flag for `--autoplan`, `--autoplan-on-success` ? This could be added in a separate PR.

Author: `--autoplan` looks good for import option. We can do `atlantis pllan` manually, so it is better to implement this after raised issue got votes.

### Examples
```bash
# Runs import
atlantis import ADDRESS ID

> # Runs import in the root directory of the repo with workspace `default`.

Reviewer: Consistency

```suggestion
# Runs import in the root directory of the repo with workspace `default`
```

atlantis import -d . ADDRESS ID

# Runs import in the `project1` directory of the repo with workspace `default`
atlantis import -d project1 ADDRESS ID

# Runs import in the root directory of the repo with workspace `staging`
atlantis import -w staging ADDRESS ID
```

### Options
* `-d directory` Import a resource for this directory, relative to root of repo. Use `.` for root.

> * `-p project` Import a resource for this project. Refers to the name of the project configured in the repo's [`atlantis.yaml` file](repo-level-atlantis-yaml.html). Cannot be used at same time as `-d` or `-w`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `-p project` Import a resource for this project. Refers to the name of the project configured in the repo's [`atlantis.yaml`](repo-level-atlantis-yaml.html) repo configuration file. This cannot be used at the same time as `-d` or `-w`.
```

> * `-w workspace` Import a resource for this [Terraform workspace](https://www.terraform.io/docs/state/workspaces.html). If not using Terraform workspaces you can ignore this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `-w workspace` Import a resource for a specific [Terraform workspace](https://www.terraform.io/docs/state/workspaces.html). Ignore this if Terraform workspaces are unused.
```

### Examples
```bash
# Runs import
atlantis import ADDRESS ID

# Runs import in the root directory of the repo with workspace `default`
atlantis import -d . ADDRESS ID

# Runs import in the `project1` directory of the repo with workspace `default`
atlantis import -d project1 ADDRESS ID

# Runs import in the root directory of the repo with workspace `staging`
atlantis import -w staging ADDRESS ID
```

::: tip
* If import for_each resources, it requires a single quoted address.
  * ex. `atlantis import 'aws_instance.example["foo"]' i-1234567890abcdef0`
:::

### Options
* `-d directory` Import a resource for this directory, relative to root of repo. Use `.` for root.
* `-p project` Import a resource for this project. Refers to the name of the project configured in the repo's [`atlantis.yaml`](repo-level-atlantis-yaml.html) repo configuration file. This cannot be used at the same time as `-d` or `-w`.
* `-w workspace` Import a resource for a specific [Terraform workspace](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/state/workspaces). Ignore this if Terraform workspaces are unused.

### Additional Terraform flags

> If you need to run `terraform import` with additional arguments, like `-var 'foo=bar'` or `-var-file myfile.tfvars`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If `terraform import` requires additional arguments, like `-var 'foo=bar'` or `-var-file myfile.tfvars`
```

> you can append them to the end of the comment after `--`, ex.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
append them to the end of the comment after `--`, e.g.
```

```

> atlantis imoport -d dir 'aws_instance.example["foo"]' i-1234567890abcdef0 -- -var foo='bar'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
atlantis import -d dir 'aws_instance.example["foo"]' i-1234567890abcdef0 -- -var foo='bar'
```

```

> If you always need to append a certain flag, see [Custom Workflow Use Cases](custom-workflows.html#adding-extra-arguments-to-terraform-commands).

Reviewer: Please try to omit the word "you"

```suggestion
If a flag is needed to be always appended, see [Custom Workflow Use Cases](custom-workflows.html#adding-extra-arguments-to-terraform-commands).
```

Author: This sentence is based on plan/apply command sencencese. Thanks! I will try to improve docs.
